I'm a dance instructor. I'm a ballroom dancer. You get into a lot of different
conversations with your students, right?
I came across one of my students and he owns an I.A. firm.
I never heard ever about an insurance adjuster. Right away your videos
came across.
I realized that you had a good platform for people that are, you know, it suits
everybody, right?
Like if you have experience, you can get new techniques, new systems in
different ways.
If you're new, you understand, all right, well, this is what I have to do. You
explain everything step by step,
how you help  set yourself for success before you even go out
there.
As a new adjuster, I wouldn't want to submit a file that they're gonna
laugh at.
It's not easy, but if you understand that you follow the systems, which I want
to say that the systems that you have added into the Fast Track To
Deployment
are amazing. I mean, you can definitely get things done. Time is money, right?
Or, you know, income for us.
And as long as you're able to process claims the proper way, you will be able
to receive more claims or build a great reputation
that you will in the future have better opportunities. I am already on call
with a Pacesetter and other two companies
that contacted me through Fast Track To Deployment. 100%. not only
the monetary value, right?
The information that the program offers is just priceless at this point. A very
, very good tool to have for the future.
I mean, like, if you get a question like, for example, I have no background in
construction, but, you know, after watching,
I understand what kind of materials going to a, you know, drywall repair or if
there's a flood or roof replacements.
100% worth it. Definitely don't rush through it. Allocate the right amount of time
into it and you will see how worth it it is.